[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a supernatural
horror film the others
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
grace and her two children lived in a
mansion on an island in britain
1945. when the second world war was
coming to an
end she's looking forward to her
husband's coming back from battle
resilient and strong-minded grace is a
faithful christian
who is convinced in everything the bible
says and often reads it aloud with her
children
her son nicholas believes in the bible
stories mom tells
whereas her daughter anne often
questions them
time passes day by day as grace
anxiously waits for her husband to
be back from the front one morning
however
grace wakes up with a scream and finds
everything is different from before
the servants in the mansion are all
missing
stepping out grace finds herself covered
in heavy mist
and nothing is visible grace writes to
the newspaper to post an ad hiring
servants
to her surprise she gets too quick a
response
three people come to apply for the job
the next morning they are the
housekeeper
the gardener and the nanny the
housekeeper says they are honest and
diligent
and have been working together for many
years although the nanny is dumb
the other two seem nice so grace accepts
them all
she tells the servants in particular
that the children are sunlight sensitive
so they must close the curtains as well
as the door after them
grace is going to show them around the
mansion the housekeeper tells her no
need to do so
but before explaining the reason for
that she swallows back her words
at breakfast in the morning and asks the
housekeeper if she will leave them one
day without even saying goodbye
as what the previous servants did the
housekeeper asked her what the matter
was
and answers her mom was mad that day
nicholas stops anne from talking about
the incident
the topic ends up with their quarrel
ever since the arrival of the new
servants
many weird things begin to happen to the
family
one day grace discovers her letter for
the ad hasn't been delivered to the
newspaper yet
which means the three servants came to
work for them without knowing the ad at
all
the housekeeper explains that they just
passed by this luxury mansion
and tried their luck wearing a
mysterious smile
the housekeeper tells further they
actually have been working in this
mansion many years before
they miss the happy time spent here so
they are back again
it sounds reasonable and grace agrees to
hire them
although she's puzzled grace asks the
housekeeper if the nanny was born a mute
she simply replies no and leaves in a
hurry for her work
one day grace hears a boy crying and she
hurries to the children's room
but only find her son writing and her
daughter reading quietly
and tells mom it is a boy named victor
who was crying
his family are moving in to join them
but victor doesn't like the place so he
cried
grace thinks anne is daydreaming she
scolds her telling her she should not
have said what's not true
at night anne wakes nicholas up and
tells him victor is in the room
and pulls open the curtain nicholas
dares not open his eyes and see
to make nicholas believe what she said
she asks victor to touch his face
and nicholas screams when victor touches
him
because of that brace punishes anne to
recite the bible for her lying
and insists that she saw victor she
didn't lie
grace punishes her to continue reciting
the bible
after a while grace hears loud noises
coming from upstairs
annoyed she is going to scold the
servants for that before she sees
through the window
they are chatting in the yard instead
when grace goes upstairs to check
and refuses to tell her because she's
afraid of her punishment again
grace begs anne to tell her what she saw
and tells her that someone was searching
for something in the storage
she has turned everything over but finds
nothing
and draws whom she has seen in the past
days they are a little boy victor and
his parents
and a psychic as well this time grace
believes there must be some intruders in
the mansion
picking up a gun she asks the servants
to search every corner with her
however they find no intruder but an
album instead from a closet
all the people in the album were closing
their eyes as if they were asleep
the housekeeper tells grace that they
are portraits of dead people
it was popular photographing the
decreased in the last century in the
hope of their souls rising to the
paradise
grace asks the housekeeper to throw away
the album immediately
the housekeeper then says they are among
the 15 servants hired by a big family
who lived in this mansion long before
but tuberculosis finished the family off
they three have been missing this
mansion all along so they are back now
grace asks again if the nanny was born
mute
the housekeeper simply answers she
became mute all of a sudden for a reason
unknown gray suspects that she must have
been mentally stimulated by some
terrible incident
and has since become mute while any
falls asleep
grace enters her bedroom though strong
and resilient as she looks
overwhelmed by the weird things happened
her never returning husband
and her friction with anne grace is
fragile at heart
lonely and exhausted she lies gently
over her daughter
and whispers in sorrow her apology for
being tough to add
one evening grace hears someone playing
the piano she opens the door but finds
nobody
then the door is pushed against her when
she pushes back
the door is suddenly slammed and she is
hit onto the floor
completely convinced of the intruders
she wonders if they are souls not at
rest
the housekeeper tells her there exists
the other world sometimes the world of
the living gets mixed up with the world
of the dead
at which time they can feel the
existence of each other
regardless of the heavy mist grace goes
out to ask the priest for help
in the yard the gardener is piling the
falling leaves to cover something
seeing grace going far he points at the
three piles of leaves
and asks the housekeeper when to reveal
the truth to grace
the housekeeper says it will be very
soon deep into the grove
grace gets lost in the heavier mist she
hears footsteps
and sees a vague figure of a man
approaching near it turns out to be her
husband charles
whom she's been waiting for so long they
hold each other
grace bursts into tears caressing his
face
she tells charles she is desperate as
people all say he is dead
she prays every night for god to bring
him back to her charles says he was just
lost
and looking for the way home all along
however
there is no happily ever after charles
is so sick that he lies in bed all day
without playing with the children or
eating in the dining room
he simply stares out of the window which
depresses grace a lot
once again grace doesn't believe what
ann said about the intruders
and they quarrel and puffs to show her
dissatisfaction
grace yells at her to stop puffing and
drives her out in a rage
the housekeeper consuls anne who is
crying after being punished
she says she believes anne's words and
she's seen the intruders too
but is not the time yet to tell the
truth to her mom
as there are things her mom doesn't want
to hear but sooner or later
she'll see the intruders and everything
will be different
and asks how and the housekeeper answers
she'll see soon
to smooth frictions over grace helps and
try on the new
evening dress with a veil and loves her
new dress so much that she doesn't want
to put it off
when grace urges her again she finds
anne's hands become wrinkled
and her face is an old woman's with wide
open but blind eyes
what's the matter horrified by that
grace grabs her neck
and rocks her fiercely grace pulls the
veil off and
but finds anna's back to herself again
frightened by her mom
ann runs to the housekeeper for help
screaming her mom is evil
and wants to kill her in all of them
standing there
grace trembles all over when anne leaves
her dad after seeking comfort from him
grace comes in charles who has kept
silent all along
opens his mouth he asked grace what she
did to the children that day
grace answered she didn't know what
happened that day all she knew was when
she woke up
she found the servants all missing in
one night she says though she is tough
with the children
she loves them and is willing to die for
them
in tremendous grief charles stands up
and says he just came home to say
goodbye
and he is leaving for the front again
falling apart grace yells at him the war
was over
challenging him why he would rather
choose to go and fight that stupid war
and stay with the family like others did
she loved him
and had been alone longing for his
coming back for so long
heartbroken tears come down charles face
the next morning grace wakes up and
finds charles is gone
wandering in the lonely yard always
covered in heavy mist thinking of her
husband's leaving
grace feels lost and cut off from the
world
on one morning the children wake up and
find all the curtains are missing
afraid of light they are trembling grace
shouts at the servants
but they all say they did not remove the
curtains the housekeeper says maybe the
daylight would not hurt the children
they were allergic to sunlight before
but the condition could have cleared up
now
the gardener agrees by saying that the
housekeeper used to suffer from
arthritis
but one day she recovered so maybe
everything is all right now
in a rage grace points are done toward
the servants
and drives them away walking out of the
house
the servants agree it is time to reveal
the truth to grace
at night rebel and encourages her
brother to jump out of the window
and come to the grove to look for death
on the way they find three tombs which
the three servants had intentionally
covered with piles of leaves
brave and comes close and sees the
housekeeper's name carved on one
tombstone
turning around they see the three
servants approaching and cries to her
brother to run away from the ghosts
and they run into the house meanwhile
grace finds a portrait of dead people
when she searches for the curtains she
looks at it
and is shocked to find it's the portrait
of the three servants knowing they were
dead long ago
grace covers her mouth hearing the
children screaming
grace takes her gun to rescue them she
asks the children to hide inside the
room
while the three servants are walking
step by step toward the house
she fires at the ground but the servants
seem not afraid
they keep walking toward her and tell
grace not to trouble herself
as tuberculosis finished them off more
than half a century ago
grace throws off her gun runs into the
house and locks the door
the housekeeper continues through the
door that they've been trying to
convince her of her real condition
and how the dead and the alive live in
harmony with each other
startled grace sits on the stairs and
begs the dead servants to leave them in
peace
but the housekeeper says even suppose
they do leave them the intruders won't
the gardener adds that it is the
intruders who removed the curtains and
made the noises
and now the intruders are in this house
the two children who are hiding in the
wardrobe
hear a voice asking them to follow her
they see an old woman
opens the wardrobe door hearing the
children screaming grace stared upstairs
in a panic
and the housekeeper tells her the
intruders are already here
there's nothing they can do to prevent
the intruders but to have a conversation
with them grace prays for god's blessing
as she goes upstairs in terror
she opens the door and sees a group of
people sitting around the table
one of them is an old white-haired woman
with wide open but blind eyes
who seems to be the psychic and has
drawn the psychic asks and nicholas what
happened here
what mom did to them and looks at mom
with her frightened eyes
and whispers the incident in the
psychics ear the psychic draws on the
paper while listening
and shows her drawing to the old man who
sits beside her
the old man says it seems what she drew
is an incident relating to a pillow
then the white-haired psychic
understands what happened she told the
children their mom killed them with a
pillow
and asked them why they are still here
since they were dead
and can't believe that she says mom
didn't kill them they're not dead
grace angrily shakes the table and tears
the paper into pieces
however the other people who sit around
the table cannot see grace and her
children
all they can see is the shaking table
and the pieces of torn paper
the hostess of the mansion tells her
husband emotionally that she can't bear
the terror
she won't live here anymore because the
specters here do not welcome them the
house is haunted by that mad woman
who killed her two children with a
pillow and she shot herself
dead with a gun and their poor son
victor often sees their wandering souls
it is too dangerous to live here they
must move right now
and the host promises they will move
tomorrow
grace holds her two frightened children
into her arms
she murmurs that at first she couldn't
understand why the pillow was in her
hands
but then she knew she killed her
children she remembers right now she put
the rifle to her forehead
and pulled the trigger but then it
seemed nothing had happened
except that all the servants were
missing in one night
ever since then outside the house it had
been covered with heavy mist all along
but every day her two children played
and left beside her
grace then asked herself what's the
meaning for them and where they should
go
the housekeeper says that the nanny
asked the same questions
when she knew they three were all dead
then she shut her mouth
and never spoke again they had been
wishing to tell her the truth all along
but dared not to disturb her the
housekeeper continues that the intruders
are moving out
but others will come sometimes the human
sense them
other times not so they have to learn
how to get along with the humans
and finally the children understand that
they have been into the other world
and they are not afraid of the sunlight
anymore
outside the window the beautiful
sunshine dispels the mist
victor and his family are driving away
the for sale sign is hung on the door
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out